Hi Ren thanks for coming today"

"Thanks for seeing me"

"looking at your file here it seem s there’s a very apparent interplay  with your emotional state and your physical body. Have you heard of the trauma response?"

"Um, I don’t think so"

"Basically our bodies can get stuck in a negative feedback loop.
Our subconscious can repeat patterns from the past which can have a pretty drastic downstream effect on our biology... Essentially... your mind is making you sick"

Sick boy sick boy,
Bitten by a tick boy,
Looking for that fix boy,
Anabolic steroids,
Stem cell poster boy,
Pass out, white noise
Quick fix, snake oil,
I'm about to break boy

Oh, what a shame he’s in pain have another go,
Take another pill, here, take a couple more
Let see how your doing in another week or so
You’ll be feeling worse when the side effect’ll show


De-realization medical patient
Loosing patience with the process
Walking hand in hand with satan
Complications with the medication
Inflammation, dehydration, inhalation aggravation
Building up a toleration
Drown sucker, drown sucker, drown sucker, drown
Ive been feeling like I’m drowning with my feet upon the ground
Ive been screaming I’ve been shouting I but I never make sound
Ive been looking for a way out but I always seem to drown


"Is this all making sense Ren?"

"Yeah, I think so"

"Good, what I propose we do is try to pinpoint the exact experiences from the past that are keeping you stuck.

What can you tell Mme about your childhood?"

"I can’t really think..."

"Its okay if nothing comes up right away,

What id like you to do is take some deep breaths with me,

In and out, In and out

Good now tell me the first thing that comes to your mind..."

I feel like its not me, its the world that’s sick
Were given everything we need and we commodities it
We consume, we destroy like were parasitic
Science tells us that its suicide and still we commit
Im not sick, we are sick, we are standing on a cliff
In the name of progress we jump off the precipice
Im not sick I’m the virus, you’re the virus, hypocrite!
How can you sit there with that smile on
And tell me that I’m sick?

Sick boy, sick boy, looking for a fix boy
Push it down in public quick pose for the pic boy
Record label meetings that commodify your gift boy
Why you so upset?
Don’t you wanna be a rich boy?

Fuck no
Industry is cut throat

Ive been doing bits by myself swimming back stroke
Walking on a tight rope
Rapping with a slit throat
The way that we persist is like the ending of a bad joke

As the people evolve
Were complacent to assailants
And we  do what we’re told
Counter intelligence, a sight to behold
Rape the earth of all resources and we bleed it for gold

We bleed it for wealth, we bleed it for fame
But when you bleed it can you tell me what the fuck will remain?
And I bleed in myself
I bleed in my brain
While I’m bleeding, I’m the reason
Cause I’m doing the same
